<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
"http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
	xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
	xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core"
	xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets">
<h:body>
	<ui:composition template="/template/layout.xhtml">
		<ui:param name="faqClass" value="selected" />
		<ui:define name="content">

			<div id="content" class="float_r faqs">
				<h1>FAQs</h1>
				<h5>How do I know if my order has been placed?</h5>
				<p>You will receive an email confirming that your order has been
					received. If you do not receive an email confirmation, please login
					to see your order status. </p>

				<h5>When will my order be shipped?</h5>
				<p>
					Orders are shipped 1-2 business days after the order has
					been received. You will receive an email notification once your 
					order has shipped.
				</p>

				<h5>What payment methods do you accept?</h5>
				<p>PayPal and 2Checkout (2CO)</p>

				<h5>Can I return or exchange my purchase if I don't like it?</h5>
				<p>We guarantee to refund unworn or unused items when you return
					it in sellable condition, with the original receipt and packaging,
					within 60 days of purchase. Refunds will be credited to your
					original method of payment. No items may be returned or exchanged
					between Black Friday and Cyber Monday. Items can only be returned
					or exchanged in the country in which they were originally
					purchased.</p>

				<h5>How do I know if online ordering is secured?</h5>
				<p>Protecting your information is a top priority for this site.
					We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to encrypt your credit card
					number, name and address, so only this site is able to decode your
					information. SSL is the industry standard method for computers to
					communicate securely without risk of data interception,
					manipulation or recipient impersonation. To be sure your connection
					is secure; when you are in the Shopping Cart, look at the lower
					corner of your browser window. If you see an unbroken key or closed
					lock, the SSL is active and your information is secure. Since most
					of the customers are still uncomfortable with providing your credit
					card online, we use PayPal and 2CheckOut services and they do not
					need to give out credit card information.</p>
				<p>This site is registerd with HackerGuardian. HackerGuardian
					certification for a hacker free website and a Credit Card TrustLogo
					confirming your trustworthiness to take credit card details online.</p>


				<h5>What is your privacy policy?</h5>
				<p>This website respects your privacy and ensure that you
					understand what information we need to complete your order, and
					what information you can choose to share with us and with our
					marketing partners.</p>
			</div>
			<div class="cleaner"></div>

		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
</h:body>
</html>
